NPID and PID (#1203)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/defined-terms.rst

      Aligned with ARF 2.7.3.

    **National Identity Provider**

>       Preexisting notified electronic identification means and related Identity Providers used for User authentication (for example CieID / SPID), as distinct from the wallet-held **IT-Wallet ID** credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Organizational Entity providing preexisting notified electronic identification means used for User authentication (for example CieID / SPID), as distinct from the wallet-held **IT-Wallet ID** credential.
```

      Not present in ARF 2.7.3; specific to IT-Wallet.

    **IT-Wallet ID**

>     **Electronic Attestation of Person Identification Data**

Author: @fmarino-ipzs @ChiaLeon I got your comments and resolved them here: bd1b0a33a037add9e79258331cd90058b6c08917

>       An Electronic Attestation of Attributes (EAA) that contains Person Identification Data of a natural person and is issued with **national scope** only. The terms **IT-Wallet ID** and **Electronic Attestation of Person Identification Data** refer to the same national EAA. It enables User authentication and identification towards Italian Relying Parties within the national jurisdiction. It MUST NOT be used for cross-border interactions and does **not** constitute a PID under the European Digital Identity framework (`EU_2024_1183`_ / `EU_2024/2977`_). It MUST NOT be confused with the EUDI **PID**, nor with a **National Identity Provider** / national eID scheme (for example CieID / SPID) used only for authentication. The term **National EID** MUST NOT be used as a synonym for IT-Wallet ID, to avoid confusion with those national eID schemes. Technically it is identified by ``vct`` ``urn:it-wallet:eid:1`` and catalogue ``credential_type`` ``eid``. Not present in ARF 2.7.3; specific to IT-Wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      An Electronic Attestation of Attributes (EAA) that contains identification data of a natural person and is issued with **national scope** only. The terms **IT-Wallet ID** and **Electronic Attestation of Person Identification Data** refer to the same national EAA. It enables User authentication and identification towards Italian Relying Parties within the national jurisdiction. It MUST NOT be used for cross-border interactions and does **not** constitute a PID under the European Digital Identity framework (`EU_2024_1183`_ / `EU_2024/2977`_). It MUST NOT be confused with the EUDI **PID**, nor with a **National Identity Provider** / national eID scheme (for example CieID / SPID). The term **National EID** MUST NOT be used as a synonym for IT-Wallet ID, to avoid confusion with those national eID schemes. Technically it is identified by ``vct`` and ``credential_type`` as defined in the section :ref:`credential-data-model-it-wallet-id:IT-Wallet ID Data Model`. Not present in ARF 2.7.3; specific to IT-Wallet.
```

Reviewer: > Technically it is identified by ``vct`` ``urn:it-wallet:eid:1`` and catalogue ``credential_type`` ``eid``.

It is better to refer to the relevant section instead of listing the vct and credential_type values here. This is a defined term section.

Reviewer 2: In addition to @fmarino-ipzs suggestions, we propose to avoid highlighting "towards Italian Relying Parties" since RP must operate within the national jurisdiction but not it's not necessary for them to be italian. 
cc: @RosaliaGaleano
